### Figure caption.

**Using a non-binding surface plate (Corning 3651) is critical for minimizing the disruption of fluorescence binding curves shape in single-well assay format which could be attributed to plate surface adsorption kinetics.** When we switched from multiple-well assay format (preparation of ligand concentration series at once over 12 wells of a plate) to single-well assay format (iterative titration of ligand into one well and reading of fluorescence after each ligand addition) we observed unexpected oscillatory shape in the fluorescence binding curves. We tested various assay parameters (summarized in subsection A) such as adding a protein dialysis step and using different plate types, which in different shapes of fluorescence binding curves. In the multiple-well assay format, incubation time-the time difference between sample preparation and fluorescence reading- for ligand concentration points are equal. In the single-well assay format, iterative ligand addition and fluorescence reading causes samples of increasing ligand concentrations to be subject to increasing incubation time which made us suspect the impact of plate surface adsorption kinetics. **A.** The assay was carried out in two design formats: single-well (Figure 5A) and multiple-well (Figure 2B). Both assay formats were tested with and without dialysis of the proteins into the assay buffer prior to preparing protein solutions with desired assay concentration. The single well assay was conducted in various plate formats (Figure SI 6). **B.** The shape of fluorescence traces observed with different assay formats. A deviation from the expected fluorescence binding curve was observed in the single-well format with 4titude 4ti-0234 plates, while fluorescence binding curves had the expected shape in the multi-well assay format using the same plate. This difference in shape was more prominent for protein:ligand pairs with higher binding affinity, such as WT Src:Bosutinib (left), than pairs with lower binding affinity, such as Abl GK:Gefitinib (right). In experiments conducted using the single-well format, fluorescence readout increased with increasing ligand concentration until ~ 0.5 uM, decreased slightly, then increased again. For higher affinity protein:ligand pairs, assay formats 1, 2, and 4, resulted in somewhat oscillatory fluorescence binding curves (left).  Assay format 3 eliminated this oscillatory behavior. For lower affinity protein:ligand pairs, none of the assay formats resulted in oscillatory traces (right). **C.** The fluorescence binding curves showed oscillatory behavior in the single well format but not the multiple well format, for multiple protein:ligand pairs (top panels). By using the optimal single well assay format with Corning 3651 plate with non-binding surface (format 3) the fluorescence binding curves for the single-well format no longer exhibited oscillatory behavior and showed similar shapes to the traces from the multiple-well format (bottom panels).
