## Figure caption.

**Various plate types used for the assay resulted in different levels of fluorescence signal and background.** **A.** Three clear bottom 96-well plates assessed for fluorescence binding assays.  **B.** Fluorescence signal vs. ligand concentration plots of p38:Bosutinib binding assay performed with three different lear bottom 96-well plates. Ligand (Bosutinib) was titrated into protein or buffer solutions to achieve logarithmic titration between 8 nm - 20 uM.  Plate A, the 96-well, clear, polystyrene UltraVision plate with a UV base from 4titude, resulted in the lowest background signal- the level of fluorescence when no ligand has been titrated into the protein solution. This plate resulted in a background fluorescence intensity of ~ 400 rfu. Plate B, the black, 96-well clear bottom plate treated with proprietary non-binding technology from Corning, resulted in the highest background signal. This plate resulted in a background fluorescence intensity of ~ 2,700 rfu. Plate C, the black, 96-well clear bottom plate made of cycloolefin from Greiner Bio-One, resulted in a background signal similar to that of Plate A. Plate C resulted in a background fluorescence intensity of ~ 800 rfu.  Plates A and C result in low background fluorescence-less than 1,000 rfu-but a lower fluorescence signal was observed for protein-ligand complex fluorescence at 20 uM Bosutinib (less than 10,000 rfu). Plate B results in a higher background fluorescence level but is capable of supporting a maximum fluorescence intensity of over 30,000 rfu for p38:Bosutinib. Plate B is more adventagious for fluorescence binding assays in terms of signal to noise ratio and has the benefit of non-binding surface.
